Job Description:
"""
About the job
Skills:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Responsive Design, Version Control (Git), Frontend Frameworks (e.g. React, Angular), Backend Development (e.g. Node.js, Python), Problem Solving,

Job Overview

TwiLearn is seeking a motivated Web Development Intern to join our dynamic team. This internship position is designed for fresh graduates with a passion for web development, offering remote work flexibility across multiple locations including Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Noida, Hyderabad, and Kolkata. As an intern, you will gain hands-on experience in web development projects, contributing to the creation and optimization of innovative digital solutions.

Qualifications And Skills

Proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (Mandatory skill).
Experience with responsive design techniques to ensure web compatibility across various devices.
Understanding of version control systems such as Git for effective code management.
Exposure to frontend frameworks like React or Angular for efficient UI development.
Basic knowledge of backend development technologies such as Node.js or Python.
Strong problem-solving abilities to address technical challenges efficiently.
Ability to work collaboratively in a remote environment and adapt to new tools.
Eagerness to learn and innovate within a fast-paced e-learning industry.

Roles And Responsibilities

Assist in designing, developing, and maintaining web applications alongside senior developers.
Participate in the implementation of user-friendly interfaces using modern web technologies.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and propose technical solutions.
Contribute to code reviews and provide feedback to improve code quality and performance.
Help in troubleshooting and debugging issues, ensuring responsive and reliable applications.
Document development processes, issues, and resolutions for future reference.
Engage in continuous learning and improvement of skills through active participation in team activities.


Desired Skills and Experience
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Responsive Design, Version Control (Git), Frontend Frameworks (e.g. React, Angular), Backend Development (e.g. Node.js, Python), Problem Solving
"""



Email Template : 
"""
Dear Mr.Garg,

My name is Mohit Saini and I am a final-year Computer Science student at IIIT Jabalpur, specializing in backend Technologies with experience across JavaScript, Python, Django, PostgreSQL, MERN stack, Docker, Linux, and AWS. I'm also skilled in SQL, C++, Golang, and have a strong aptitude for problem-solving.

I'm reaching out to you today because I'm interested in the Intern role at Delhivery. Given your valuable experience there as a Senior SDE, I would greatly value your support in referring me for the position or connecting me with the HR team if you feel my profile aligns well with the requirements.

Your support would mean a lot to someone eager to start their journey in tech.

I've attached my resume for you to look over. I'm happy to share any additional details if needed.

Resume Link

Internship Link

Best regards,
Mohit Saini
Final Year B.Tech, Computer Science
Indian Institute of Information Technology, Jabalpur
📧 mohitforwork2002@gmail.com
📱 +91 9680453581
GitHub: ThisisMS11 | LinkedIn: Mohit Saini | LeetCode: ThisisMS11
""""
